In this lesson, we're going to try how our create user integration test works.
And before I execute this test method, I'll set a couple of debugger breakpoints.
So I'll go back to my project and one debug breakpoint.
I will set in the controller class right inside of the create user method, maybe on the line that invokes
the creative, the method in the surface class and another breakpoint.
I will set in the create user method of the service class, so I will go there.
This is my user service implementation and I will set a debugger breakpoint right on the line that performs
safe operation on Users Repository.
This is where a user entity is persistent into a database.
And if this debugger breakpoint triggers, then I know that the service code has been executed and user
details will be persisted in the database table.
Now, in the following lessons, we will create another test method that will test if we can read from
a database table as well.
But for now, seeing this debugger breakpoint trigger will tell us that this is no longer a unique test
of a single method in the controller class and that the code in all layers of our application is also
executed.
All right, so now let's go back to our test method and run this test method.
So we'll scroll up and we'll run it in a debug mode.
So I will click on the play button here and I will choose and debug this test method.
And here's my debugger breakpoint, which is in the controller class, create user method, which is
in the user controller class.
So this worked.
Let's resume debugging.
And the next debugger breakpoint is in the creators and method, which is in the user service implementation
class.
So this is our service layer and debugger breakpoint is right on the line where user details are about
to be persisted to a database.
So this also works.
Now, if I step over one line, then user details should be persisted and this stored details object
will contain information about user that was stored in the database table.
Now if I resume debugging, hopefully my test method should pass.
So I will go back to a console and here I have results of my test method which is successful.
All right, so test method has passed and this means that our API end point did return you the details
and that this utility tells do matches the details that were submitted in the original HTTP post request.
Here.
All right, so everything works, and we're good to continue.